---
title: College Board Program Design
toc: true
layout: post
categories: [post]
---
# College Board Program Design

## Program Purpose and Function
- Our program's purpose is to provide vocabulary for math (AP Calc and AP Statistics), as well as physics, and provide quizzes to test skills.
- The program's function will be to use dictionaries, inputs, and outputs, to show information.

## Data Abstraction
- Dictionaries can be used to store data; data can be backlogged using a 'console.log' command (or something similar).
- Lists/dictionaries can also be used for search functions (ie; if 'Statistics' is searched, a list of words related to 'Statistics' will be run, and those items will appear.

## Managing Complexity
- Multiple lists can be used to map data, and dictionaries can be used to map certain data to lists
- Ex: If a term for the name of a list is searched, it can bring up those terms, and when a term is clicked, a dictionary can direct to different links.

## Procedural Abstraction
- We will have a function to administer our quiz that references to a dictionary for the questions and answers, and has a score tracker that when the quiz is finished, outputs different phrases according to how well they did.
- We are also considering a functionality in which it will take the type of answers failed and relate it 
to either outside resources for it or something in our program

## Algorithm Implementation
- An algorithm we will have will first ask someone for their current math/science class, then look through dictionary to see the level it would be at in high school (eg. integraded 1a: low, pre-cal: mid, ap calc: high), if the class they state is not given the program will ask if they are taking something outside of school or if they misspelled, then give a chance to clarify. If they are taking something outside of school the program will tell them to try and relate it to one of or school's courses through provided internet materials. After figuring out their class, our program will ask how much they are struggling, and show a correlated amount of related material to support them. 

## Testing
- We will institute a reward for quizzes, which will test if there are high scores in the quizzes that the user took, which were stored in a dictionary made, and if there are enough decently high scores they will be redirected to a page that either has a game or links to something enjoyable.